README.md, before:

# CoffeeTags

### Latest version: [![Gem version][ruby-gems-image]][ruby-gems-url]

A  simple tool for generating CoffeeScript tags (Ctags compatible).

[![Build Status][travis-image]][travis-url] [![Coverage Status][coveralls-image]][coveralls-url]

### [Watch a quick demo](https://asciinema.org/a/26)

## Huh?

CoffeeTags was created for use with Vim and [TagBar plugin](https://github.com/majutsushi/tagbar), however it
accepts most common ctags arguments, therefore the following:

`coffeetags -R -f TAGS`


will generate standard TAGS file which later can be used with Vim (standard `:tag` command works as expected)

# Requirements

* ruby 1.8.7 and up

### Windows support

[Yup, we got it!](https://github.com/lukaszkorecki/CoffeeTags/issues/28#issuecomment-44046429)

### Editors supported

* Vim with [TagBar](https://github.com/majutsushi/tagbar)
* [Sublime Text](http://www.sublimetext.com/) and [CTags plugin](https://github.com/SublimeText/CTags)


# Halp!

Just use `coffeetags --help`

# Ruby Gem

## Installation

`gem install CoffeeTags` (or `sudo gem install CoffeeTags`)

## Usage

`$ coffeetags --help`

# Vim

This can also be used as a vim plugin that will update tag files on save, and support visualization with [TagBar](https://github.com/majutsushi/tagbar). You will still need to install the gem as described above as well as install the plugin to vim. You can install it via:

## Install

*  [Pathogen](https://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen)
  *  `git clone https://github.com/lukaszkorecki/CoffeeTags ~/.vim/bundle/CoffeeTags`
*  [NeoBundle](https://github.com/Shougo/neobundle.vim)
  *  `NeoBundle 'lukaszkorecki/CoffeeTags'`
*  [Vundle](https://github.com/gmarik/vundle)
  *  `Bundle 'lukaszkorecki/CoffeeTags'`
*  manual
  *  copy all of the files into your `~/.vim` directory

## Configuration

In you `~/.vimrc` you can configure the plugin with:

```
let g:CoffeeAutoTagDisabled=<0 or 1>     " Disables autotaging on save (Default: 0 [false])
let g:CoffeeAutoTagFile=<filename>       " Name of the generated tag file (Default: ./tags)
let g:CoffeeAutoTagIncludeVars=<0 or 1>  " Includes variables (Default: 0 [false])
let g:CoffeeAutoTagTagRelative=<0 or 1>  " Sets file names to the relative path from the tag file location to the tag file location (Default: 1 [true])
```

# Sublime Text

See [this issue on SublimeText/Ctags](https://github.com/SublimeText/CTags/issues/33)

# Config types

CoffeeTags can work in 2 modes:

- tags only for functions (default)
- tags for functions and objects containing them

Second mode is activated by:

- Adding `--include-vars` to command line arguments
- Setting `let g:CoffeeAutoTagIncludeVars=1` in your `~/.vimrc` for vim

# TODO

- squash all bugs

# License

MIT

[![Bitdeli Badge](https://d2weczhvl823v0.cloudfront.net/lukaszkorecki/coffeetags/trend.png)](https://bitdeli.com/free "Bitdeli Badge")

[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/lukaszkorecki/CoffeeTags
[travis-image]: https://travis-ci.org/lukaszkorecki/CoffeeTags.svg?branch=master

[ruby-gems-url]: http://rubygems.org/gems/CoffeeTags
[ruby-gems-image]: https://badge.fury.io/rb/CoffeeTags.svg

[coveralls-url]: https://coveralls.io/r/lukaszkorecki/CoffeeTags?branch=master
[coveralls-image]: https://img.shields.io/coveralls/lukaszkorecki/CoffeeTags.svg

Commit message:

Added vim-dispatch section to README

README.md, after:

# CoffeeTags

### Latest version: [![Gem version][ruby-gems-image]][ruby-gems-url]

A  simple tool for generating CoffeeScript tags (Ctags compatible).

[![Build Status][travis-image]][travis-url] [![Coverage Status][coveralls-image]][coveralls-url]

### [Watch a quick demo](https://asciinema.org/a/26)

## Huh?

CoffeeTags was created for use with Vim and [TagBar plugin](https://github.com/majutsushi/tagbar), however it
accepts most common ctags arguments, therefore the following:

`coffeetags -R -f TAGS`


will generate standard TAGS file which later can be used with Vim (standard `:tag` command works as expected)

# Requirements

* ruby 1.8.7 and up

### Windows support

[Yup, we got it!](https://github.com/lukaszkorecki/CoffeeTags/issues/28#issuecomment-44046429)

### Editors supported

* Vim with [TagBar](https://github.com/majutsushi/tagbar)
* [Sublime Text](http://www.sublimetext.com/) and [CTags plugin](https://github.com/SublimeText/CTags)


# Halp!

Just use `coffeetags --help`

# Ruby Gem

## Installation

`gem install CoffeeTags` (or `sudo gem install CoffeeTags`)

## Usage

`$ coffeetags --help`

# Vim

This can also be used as a vim plugin that will update tag files on save, and support visualization with [TagBar](https://github.com/majutsushi/tagbar). You will still need to install the gem as described above as well as install the plugin to vim. You can install it via:

## Install

*  [Pathogen](https://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen)
  *  `git clone https://github.com/lukaszkorecki/CoffeeTags ~/.vim/bundle/CoffeeTags`
*  [NeoBundle](https://github.com/Shougo/neobundle.vim)
  *  `NeoBundle 'lukaszkorecki/CoffeeTags'`
*  [Vundle](https://github.com/gmarik/vundle)
  *  `Bundle 'lukaszkorecki/CoffeeTags'`
*  manual
  *  copy all of the files into your `~/.vim` directory

## Configuration

In you `~/.vimrc` you can configure the plugin with:

```
let g:CoffeeAutoTagDisabled=<0 or 1>     " Disables autotaging on save (Default: 0 [false])
let g:CoffeeAutoTagFile=<filename>       " Name of the generated tag file (Default: ./tags)
let g:CoffeeAutoTagIncludeVars=<0 or 1>  " Includes variables (Default: 0 [false])
let g:CoffeeAutoTagTagRelative=<0 or 1>  " Sets file names to the relative path from the tag file location to the tag file location (Default: 1 [true])
let g:CoffeAutoTagUseDispatch=<0 or 1>   " Uses vim-dispatch to execute coffeetags creation (default: 0 [false])
```

# Using dispatch

Using tmux or some other terminal multiplexer that supports async actions? Awesome. This is for you then.  
CoffeeTags allows you to use [vim-dispatch](https://github.com/tpope/vim-dispatch) to invoke tag creation in background, effectively bypassing vims single-threaded nature.

When dealing with non-trivial applications then tag generating can take a few seconds. That's a few seconds where you can't use your editor. However all is not lost. We can use the power of terminal multiplexers to invoke the CoffeeTags generating. 

Geez, that sounds fun. How could I use this?  

  1. use tmux or some other multiplexed
  2. Install [vim-dispatch](https://github.com/tpope/vim-dispatch)
  3. Setting `let g:CoffeeAutoTagUseDispatch=1` in your `~/.vimrc` 

# Sublime Text

See [this issue on SublimeText/Ctags](https://github.com/SublimeText/CTags/issues/33)

# Config types

CoffeeTags can work in 2 modes:

- tags only for functions (default)
- tags for functions and objects containing them

Second mode is activated by:

- Adding `--include-vars` to command line arguments
- Setting `let g:CoffeeAutoTagIncludeVars=1` in your `~/.vimrc` for vim

# TODO

- squash all bugs

# License

MIT

[![Bitdeli Badge](https://d2weczhvl823v0.cloudfront.net/lukaszkorecki/coffeetags/trend.png)](https://bitdeli.com/free "Bitdeli Badge")

[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/lukaszkorecki/CoffeeTags
[travis-image]: https://travis-ci.org/lukaszkorecki/CoffeeTags.svg?branch=master

[ruby-gems-url]: http://rubygems.org/gems/CoffeeTags
[ruby-gems-image]: https://badge.fury.io/rb/CoffeeTags.svg

[coveralls-url]: https://coveralls.io/r/lukaszkorecki/CoffeeTags?branch=master
[coveralls-image]: https://img.shields.io/coveralls/lukaszkorecki/CoffeeTags.svg
